{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sl360\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 Reflections Sprint 1
\f1\b0 \ulnone \
\
\ul Command line\ulnone \
\
Did you stick to the time box guidelines? Yes, I found that following the time boxes helped me to take in the information and helped me to remember it.\
\
Name five commands \
\
pwd - Print working directory. This allows the user to see the directory that they are currently working in\
\
cd - Change directory. This allows the user to move up and down through different directories\
\
ls - List - The user can see all of the folders and files in the folder that they are working in\
\
. The name of the current folder the user is working in\
\
\'85 The parent folder of the folder the user is working in\
\
Did you learn anything unexpected?\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li720\fi-720\sl360\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}I learned that the terminal can be used to find different folders and files within a computer without having to go to the regular directory on a computer. \
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}I also learned that is it possible to create more directories and folders within the terminal as well\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sl360\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\ul Version control with git\
\ulnone \
What\'92s the difference between Git and Github?\
\
The difference between Git and Github is that Git is a system for version control that allows a user to manage their source code history and Github is the cloud software that a user can use to manage all of their Git repositories\
\
Can you think of an analogy to describe them?\
\
Git is a way of keeping track of the different stages of making different paintings and Github is the place where all of those different projects are stored so you can go back and see the different paintings you made.\
\
Do you think you would still remember the difference a week from now if you didn\'92t revisit the material?\
\
Yes\
\
Did you stick to the time box suggestions? If not, why not?\
\
No, I took longer with the material as it was new to me and I wanted to make sure that I had a proper understanding\
\
I\ul nstall and Explore Git\
\
\ulnone What is a Git workflow?\
\
A Git workflow is a recommended way for a user/group to use Git to be able to finish work in a way that is consistent. \
\
What did you notice about your learning? What did you do when you were confused or blocked?\
\
I noticed that I was getting confused and stuck more often that with the earlier content. I also had to seek out more external sources to help with the content. When I was confused or blocked, I would first try to get through by myself, however, if enough time had passed I would seek help from my friends and family who understand and work with code\
\
Is there anything you would do differently you were to repeat the learning exploration?\
\
I would ask for help earlier and I would not try to solve the issues by myself  as this led to me becoming unnecessarily becoming stressed and frustrated, which further impeded my ability to learn\
\
\ul Track and Commit\
\ulnone \
How would you describe track and commit to you non-tech-savvy friend?\
\
Track and commit is like being able to record changes that you have made to something (like writing an essay) and then saving those changes after editing. It also allows you to go back to a certain point where you saved and restart your work from there instead of having to figure out where you were when you started working again. \
\
\ul Branch, Pull, Merge\ulnone \
\
What is main?\
\
Why create a branch?\
\
Do the concepts feel intuitive or difficult to understand?\
\
\ul Koe Wai Koe\ulnone \
\
}